FAQ page for second semantic lab (#536)
freeCodeCamp/CurriculumExpansion: frontend-cert/html-projects/faq-page/user-stories.md

> 1. Your FAQ page should have a `header` element with an `h1` element containing text that describes the purpose of the page.
> 1. Your FAQ page should have a `main` element to contain the primary content of the page.
> 1. Within the `main` element, your FAQ page should have at least 2 `section` elements, each with a `h2` element containing text that describes the topic of the section, for example: "General Questions" and "Account Questions".
> 1. Each `section` element should contain atleast 3 `article` elements, each with a `h3` element containing a question and a `p` element containing an answer.
> 1. Your FAQ page should have a `footer` element.
> 1. Inside the `footer` element, there should be a `p` element with text and an `a` element that links to a different page on the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Your FAQ page should have a `header` element with an `h1` element containing text that describes the purpose of the page.
1. Your FAQ page should have a `main` element to contain the primary content of the page.
1. Within the `main` element, your FAQ page should have at least two `section` elements, each with an `h2` element containing text that describes the topic of the section. For example: "General Questions" and "Account Questions".
1. Each `section` element should contain at least three `article` elements, each with an `h3` element containing a question and a `p` element containing an answer.
1. Your FAQ page should have a `footer` element.
1. Inside the `footer` element, there should be a `p` element with text and an `a` element that links to a different page.
```
